(crowd chattering indistinctly)
I'm hungry. mama!
What are we gonna eat?
Well. let's see.
Since it's just us tonight.
how about yakitori?
Sound good?
Yes! Sounds great!
What should I have?
I'll take some gizzards. cheek.
neck. esophagus. and tail!
Your palate is really
something else.
You sure take after your father.
And their chicken
offal stew. okay?
Are you an old man in disguise?
(footstep booms)
(Yuki's mama gasps)
Huh?
(footstep booms)
- (footstep booms)
- (people screaming)
[Townsman] What was that?
[Townswoman] It's a Demon!
(people yelling)
[Townsman] Run!
[Townswoman] What is that?
[Townsman] Whoa!
Boy.
My.
(crowd stuttered scream)
[Townsman] Help!
(footstep booms)
(windows shattering)
My boy!
- (windows shattering)
- (crowd screaming)
Mama!
Yuki!
(Yuki's mama gasps)
I found you!
- Mama!
- No!
Mama!
My boy!
[Demon] Mine all mine!
No!
(Yuki screaming)
(demon growling)
Yuki!
(energy sizzling)
(Yuki screams)
(Yuki groans)
[Demon] Give him back.
- Give me back my boy.
- That's enough outta of you.
I'm here to put a
stop to you Demons.
Where is he? Boy?
Where are you. boy?
[All] Where is the boy?
You are all-
The boy!
Going down!
(high-energy upbeat music)
Kokeeee!
[Narrator] This story
is the story of one rooster
and of how he saved humanity!
"What's a hero"
♪ Something is approaching ♪
♪ A story we don't know
is about to begin ♪
♪ Do you like it. do you
hate it. got any doubts ♪
♪ I don't think so
let's jump into it ♪
♪ C-C-Come and kick up ♪
♪ Are you ready ready ♪
♪ Now let's go ♪
♪ C-C-Come and kick up ♪
♪ Are you ready ready ♪
♪ Now let's go ♪
♪ Bounce. your
heart is pumping ♪
♪ No doubts. feel the wave ♪
♪ Heightened senses. now
get em' under control ♪
♪ Like a Kabuki actor.
playing a role ♪
♪ When you're in
trouble. right? ♪
♪ What's a hero? ♪
♪ Break the old ways! ♪
♪ Make new waves ♪
♪ That's a hero! ♪
♪ Save all the days ♪
♪ You can be who you
are. and be free. yeah ♪
♪ Is this where it ends ♪
♪ No no not yet the Broken road
leads to a never ending Story ♪
♪ Believe in your own HEART ♪
♪ Duty over justice ♪
♪ Don't question it!
Believe in yourself ♪
♪ Don't let your oath
waver. just start it up ♪
♪ It's time for your
REVOLUTION ♪
♪ Challenge the world.
don't let it sink ♪
♪ Soar above ♪
♪ One of a kind. No imitation ♪
♪ You and I feel alive ♪
♪ Overdrive it's all right ♪
♪ Who's a hero
break the old ways ♪
♪ You're the hero
make new waves ♪
♪ C-C-Come and kick up ♪
♪ Are you ready ready ♪
♪ Now let's go ♪
♪ C-C-Come and kick up ♪
♪ Are you ready ready ♪
♪ Now let's go ♪
(upbeat music)
ONE YEAR AGO
(dog barking)
Koke!
(hen moans)
(both clucking)
Kokee!
(shooting star swooshing)
(rooster crowing)
Koke.
Wait!
You're leaving?
I wasn't made for
peace and quiet.
I was born to wander.
Koke! Was I just a toy?
No.
I gave in to my
animal instincts.
Koke!
EPISODE ONE:
A ROOSTER AMONG CRANES
(Keiji cooing)
Koke!
(Keiji spit-shooting)
(pebble thuds)
[Keiji] Delicious!
The savory aroma and the
perfect amount of bitterness.
Nothing like stink
bugs for breakfast.
And on top of that.
they're great for digestion
and well known to promote
healthy bowel movements.
(Keiji grunts)
Delicious and nutritious.
Truly an example of killing
two birds with one stone!
- (children playing)
- (water sloshing)
[Girls] Look. a chicken!
His crown is just adorable!
What's a chicken doing here?
[Girl] Where did you come from?
[Girl] Are you from the zoo?
[Girl] Maybe he flew the coop!
[Keiji] I hate little kids.
The brats are always
rude. stubborn and loud.
[Girl] Hey. are you hungry?
You want some of this?
Koke!
It's yummy fried chicken!
You're gonna love it!
Koke? Fried what?
Is she for real?
(Keiji gagging)
Ooh!
We're gonna have lotsa
fun with this guy!
You let that poor thing
go. you're hurting him!
Huh?
Shut up. dumb brat!
Let's go. Come on!
[Hiroshi] Whoa. his
comb is really cool.
You guys are a
bunch of brats. too!
Yeah. that's right!
What should we do with him?
Let's eat him for lunch!
You idiot. what if he's got
some weird chicken disease?
Oh. right.
[Brown Haired Boy]
I got an idea!
How about we feed him to my cat?
[Hiroshi] That'll be awesome!
- (both chuckles)
- Koke!
Hey. get back here!
- [Hiroshi] Whoa!
- Stop trying to get away!
Don't waste my time.
you little punks!
Kokokokoko!
Give it up. you damn chicken!
They just won't quit!
Kokokokoko. koke!
[Brown Haired Boy]
Hold it right there!
Huh?
Kokokokoko!
Koke-ko.
Oh.
- Koko!
- (boys panting)
What's going on?
That's our rooster.
we're taking him back.
Oh?
Koko.
I think you may be confused.
This rooster lives here with me.
[Both] Huh?
Now. Mr. Cluckers!
How many times have I told
you not to leave the yard?
[Keiji] Mr. Cluckers?
Forgive us.
We'll try to do better.
(both grunting)
Tsk! Let's get out of here!
Yeah.
Koke.
(old man chuckles)
You saved my feathers. Old Man.
Do you really think
that rooster is his?
No way that bird belongs
to the old geezer.
- he lied to us!
- My quota.
My quota.
I must reach it.
Yes. sir.
This month. yes.
My quota.
Thanks for taking
care of me. Old Man.
But I've got things to
do and places to go.
Koke.
Sorry to say.
This is all I have to offer you.
[Keiji] Brown rice.
corn and shiso leaves.
You know what this is?
This is undeniably a
special and bountiful feast!
(Keiji aggressively pecking)
It's that good?
I'm glad you're enjoying it.
(Keiji aggressively pecking)
Ah.
Koke?
I remember how my wife
would feed the sparrows
that would come to visit us.
I think of her often.
I really wish I
had retired sooner.
If I had stopped teaching.
I could have spent
more time with her.
♪ I'll be walking alone ♪
♪ For lonely long time ♪
[Old Woman] No need to fight!
There's enough for everyone.
There.
Don't eat too fast.
now. (chuckles).
♪ Searching for the answers ♪
♪ But where am I
supposed to go ohh ♪
And here I am.
talking your ear off.
Somehow I feel
comfortable with you
like I could tell you anything.
[Keiji] I understand what
you're saying. Old Man.
I should've spent more
time with her as well.
[Sarah] Big Brother!
- (flames hissing)
- (sirens wailing)
Big Brother!
Koke!
S-Sarah!
[Sarah] Big Brother!
(Sarah terrified scream)
(demon growls)
Sarah!
(Sarah screams)
Big Brother!
(mouth thuds)
Sarah!
- (ominous music)
- (alarm blaring)
Hm?
(explosion booms)
What? What was that?
Koke.
- (car crashing)
- (crowd screaming)
[Car Salesman Demon]
Upgrade to the newest model!
Get the highest-value
for your trade-in!
[Announcer] Emergency
evacuation alert.
A Demon has appeared.
Evacuate the area immediately.
Emergency evacuation alert.
Huh!
[Announcer] A
Demon has appeared.
Evacuate the area immediately.
[Keiji] A Demon.
This month I'll finally do it!
I'll meet my quotas!
(old man gasps)
- Someone help us!
- Help us!
[Keiji] It's those punks again!
(Hiroshi grunts)
[Brown Haired Boy] Hiroshi!
(demon body thuds)
Quota!
Get up. Hiroshi!
Achieved!
Help!
Oh.
Old Man!
(Hiroshi sobbing)
(demon thuds)
A recall?
(all gasping)
You've got to get up now.
Let's go!
Disgusting.
Do you think you can
do whatever you want
to helpless people?
The weaker the better?
It makes my crown curl!
(gentle guitar music)
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app
(all gasping)
I will reach my quota!
You're going down.
you demon!
Here's a special edition model!
Koke!
(car crashes)
Hybrid vehicle!
Hydrogen engine!
(Keiji fast cooing)
I will have the highest
sales in the country!
(Keiji leaping koke)
(Keiji fast cooing)
Huh?
Koke!
(Demon irate growl)
Domestics! Imports!
Domestics!
- That's so cool!
- Whoa!
Oh.
(Keiji cooing)
(Demon angry slapping)
Koke! Kokoko!
(demon angry slapping)
Kokoko!
(Keiji attacks)
(demon howls)
(Keiji spitting)
Finishing move!
(Keiji throaty inhale)
Take this!
Ko...
Ke...
Kok...
Kooooo!
KOKEKOKKO
- (explosion booms)
- (demon grunts)
KOKEKOKKO
(Keiji high-pitch screaming)
(all screaming)
(windows shattering)
Sales report!
(body exploding)
(all gasping)
(body thudding)
Uh. what. what just happened?
Unbelievable!
Huh?
It might have been the
phenomena known as resonance.
Re-resonance?
The sound he made.
You've probably heard
about it before on TV.
(man singing)
It's when people shatter glass
- with just their voice.
- (glass shatters)
Whoa.
Oh!
[Old Man] If I'm not mistaken.
the theory is that
resonance can occur
when the frequency
of one's voice
matches the wavelength
of an object.
But could such a phenomenon
be powerful enough
to defeat a monster
of that size?
(old man gasps)
That rooster...
Who is he?
(fire roaring)
(Keiji weak cawing)
(Keiji's cawing growing)
(cracking)
(cawing growing)
(explosion booms)
(Keiji yelling)
(Keiji groans)
There's no mark.
This demon wasn't
the one after all.
[Brown Haired Boy] Oh. man!
Koke?
This is just awful!
Yeah.
Look at this place.
Your yard's destroyed.
Hmm?
Does this mean you want to
stay and help us clean up?
Koke!
[Medic] Is there
anyone hurt over here?
[Man] Please be careful!
[Firefighter] Injured.
coming through!
He's going to be fine. right?
Let's move this off the street.
Are there any more
garbage bags we could use?
Oh. yes.
I'll go bring out some more out.
(bird cawing)
There we go!
Done! Phew!
That was a lotta work!
I gotta say. defeating a Demon.
and then cleaning up the mess.
you are definitely
one hell of a rooster!
Uh. Hmm.
Where did he go?
I don't know.
[Old Man] Mr. Cluckers.
MAX CLEARANCE 2.4 METERS
[Keiji] Mr. Cluckers
is not my name.
My name is Keiji.
I'm a born wanderer and I
never stay in one place.
Old Man. I hope I've paid
you back for the feast.
I defeated the Demon.
And I took out the trash.
I pride myself on leaving
no unfinished business.
no loose ends.
That's how I roll.
Now then...
You're leaving?
Leaving a woman in tears.
That just isn't my style.
I'm back now.
Sorry for the wait.
(both moaning)
(climatic koke)
The next town is calling me
It's time to hit the road.
"We're Loose Stars"
♪ A lonely shadow lengthens ♪
♪ as the sun disappears again
into the parched earth ♪
♪ And the migratory bird
wanders. ♪
♪ dragging its frayed feathers
as it walks ♪
♪ Do I look like a
fool in your eyes? ♪
♪ I may be covered in mud ♪
♪ but I'll rise up again ♪
♪ Because we are loose stars ♪
♪Until our last breath ♪
♪ Catch the wind ♪
♪ Spread your flightless wings ♪
♪ And to all of you fighters. ♪
♪ we don't need a requiem ♪
♪ Sky high ♪
♪ Aim high with your
solitary ambitions ♪
♪ Break through the clouds ♪
♪ and aim beyond the skies ♪
- (foot thudding)
- (people screaming)
(demon ominous laughing)
Hey. look.
Please look at me.
check this out!
(demon crazed laughter)
[Townsman] I'm gonna be sick!
Perfect!
Now that I have your attention!
(demon crazed laughter)
No one in the world
wants to see your body!
(demon screaming)
Thunderbird!
(body thudding)
Koke!
(electricity sparks)
How truly repulsive.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today